---
layout: post
title: ios:swift
date: 2020-11-21 23:59:59
description: 关于swift的知识, 用于ios开发。
permalink: /swift/
categories: [collections]
tags: [Programming, ios]
date: 2020-12-11 12:00:00
--- 

## INDICATOR
- Use `@State` for simple properties that belong to a single view. They should usually be marked private.
- Use `@ObservedObject` for complex properties that might belong to several views. Any time you’re using a reference type you should be using @ObservedObject for it.
- Use `@EnvironmentObject` for properties that were created elsewhere in the app, such as shared data.
- Use `@Binding` since it lets us create a mutable value in a view, that actually points to some other value from elsewhere. In the case of Toggle, the switch changes its own local binding to a Boolean, but behind the scenes that’s actually manipulating the @State property in our view.
- `@Published` is one of the most useful property wrappers in SwiftUI, allowing us to create observable objects that automatically announce when changes occur.

## PROPERTIES
- Property Observers: There are two kinds of property observer: `willSet` and `didSet`, and they are called before or after a property is changed. In `willSet` Swift provides your code with a special value called `newValue` that contains what the new property value is going to be, and in `didSet` you are given `oldValue` to represent the previous value.
- Computed Properties: To make a computed property, place an open brace after your property then use either `get` or `set` to make an action happen at the appropriate time.


## 最后更新

2020.11.21